Hi everyone. Today's Tuesday, May the
19th. My name is Anne Marie Band, and
this is the Money Ball Morning Report.
And here we go. Charts by TrendSpider,
gamma flows by Menthor Q,
news and newsfeeds by Benzinga Pro,
and data analytics by TradeWave.
All right, what are we staring down? We
have had 2 days of
um pretty fairly solid downside motion
in the premarket. But when we get to the
trading day,
it gets a little grindy, okay? So, the
dominant candle flow is still from May
the 15th.
I got to fix that. Hang on a second.
My code says something different.
Okay.
Um
All right.
So, here we are, and we had a tremendous
measured move. Look at how clean this
is. Here's the high-low of that dominant
candle. Yesterday,
the rotations moved
through it, double bottomed, tested
above the 50% range, but right into the
pivot, and now we're still in the box.
What What has to happen here? Well,
somebody's got the result of something.
So, who do I think it is? I think it's
going to be the buyers.
I mean, that's that's my gut. Now, I
could be quite wrong,
and if I am wrong, then we're going to
run into
What's the first thing that might happen
here?
We've got Let's use a channel again.
Here's our
market on close
level.
We're back inside of that candle. So,
the 50% range, 7411, that's what I
suspect is
our first target up and the primary
fight zone.
Right? So, the buy areas are going to be
anywhere between these
two candlesticks, yesterday's 30
minutes,
uh
3:00 p.m. candlestick, all the way down
at 7375-ish.
And then all the way up into 7392.
This looks like a very sideways patch,
200, flat as a pancake.
This is a 20, right? This is not a 50.
I can't remember. No, this is a 50. Very
flat. Okay. So, here's the 50, super
flat, and then of course our VWAP is
it's messy, right? So, this is sideways
formation. When we have range-based
formation, we buy on the edges of the
low, and we sell on the edges of the
high.
What we also do not do is take partial
profits and move stops up. We just go
from support to resistance or resistance
to support. If we try to move stops up,
what we end up doing is giving back a
bunch of the move because the price
action just uh doesn't
comply. It just moves into the space and
then jockeys around and gives it all
back cuz it's it doesn't come in flow.
So, it'll bounce up into this area, you
take your profit, you watch for the next
pullback, and then you go in again.
Okay? So, try to get as close to the
edges as possible. So, what are those
edges? We talked about them, 7375, 7392.
Here's one.
It's the midpoint, 7400.
The pivot is above that, 7411, 7416.
My suspicion is that we see some sort of
bounce here.
We are in a
rotational space. Take a look what's
happening. Here's the 4-hour chart and
what we can see is that we've got a lot
of extra volume coming in over the last
couple of days.
What is that volume trying to do? Well,
first of all, it's trying to hold a
floor.
That's the first thing at that 7375.
Then, what the traders are trying to do
is
break through
resistance. Now,
some might say, "Hey, isn't that a flag
pattern?"
Could be.
Right?
That's a bull flag, which has bearish
volume, and it resolves in the direction
of the pole,
if indeed that's what it is.
I suspect something a little different,
but the break of the pole sends us back
into 7450. And
7450 happens to be the top of that very
big candle formation from 2 days ago.
All right, let's do this and look at
that mess. Good golly.
Let's Let's do this.
Very noisy.
I was talking to the guys over at
TrendSpider yesterday.
And uh Nader, who's awesome,
said, "You got too many lines on that
screen."
He's not wrong, is he?
So, let's uh
let's clean this up just a wee bit and
then
we'll we'll get rid of
all the channels. Yes. Okay, cleans it
up a little bit. At least you can stop
and see the levels. All right, let's go
to the NQ.
The goal is to understand the measured
move.
Let's take a look at volume.
9387.
Okay, so this is still our dominant
candle.
My goodness.
A little bit leakier than the other.
But still, we've got the same problem.
We've got this downward trend for
several days.
And the traders are doing their best to
try and break it.
They want to break that trend.
Now, I don't know if they will. They
sure are trying. If they don't, we've
got ourselves another cascade. And for
the NQ, we don't see demand zones until
28,400. So, let's see where that
Okay, so that's some sort of breakout
pattern here under bigger volume.
Probably the contract roll event. If
we're going to say, "Hey, what's the
reason for that?" And there is 9:30 of
that candlestick. That's 28,3
136.
The high of that candlestick, 28,503.
And the close, 28,467.
That's what we're going to stare down.
Okay, that's that's really if we
collapse south, that's where we're
headed. If we move to the north, we're
going to walk right back up these
candlesticks.
Right back up. And so, that gives us
support zones, potentially.
Leaky support at 28,865.
Let's take a look at a pivot as a line
in the sand, 28,781.
We are under the put wall. And being
under the put wall, that's going to give
us more negative flows the longer we
stay under there. Let's Let me go back
to the ES and see where the put wall is.
Yeah, the put wall is not until 7350.
So, we're all good.
All right.
So, that put wall's underneath this. Um
so, the traders are going to be very
enthusiastic about pushing us to the
north
as long as they can before price action
does whatever it's going to do.
The
pivots also trending downward. Well, for
2 days we've had this sort of support
leg that the traders are trying to get
over. What are the buyers trying to do?
Well, they desperately want to get up
and stay up over 28,930
cuz it gives them a better shot at
29,000.
That's what they're trying to do.
If you're thinking about being short,
wait for the bounce
that allows you to short. If you're
thinking about being long, this is a
fairly solid place, but remember with
the NQ, you could have 80 points of
risk. Okay? So, you just want to be
careful. Wait for those
liquidity sweeps. That's fancy.
Liquidity sweeps. Yeah, wait for them to
try to break the lows.
Or try to run the stops. That's That's
really what's going on. All right, let's
go to the YM.
So,
the YM's in a very interesting spot.
Uh some big volume candles.
What is this one? 19,000
16,000
and
18,000. So, once again, this candle way
back here, which we've measured with
Fibonacci,
is the dominant candle flow.
What is likely to happen if that
dominant candle flow takes over?
Where everybody fought. Well, this is
where we're going to test. 49,987.
It could be It could be a buy zone also,
right? Um excuse me, it could be a sell
zone also into that space. Value area
high is important here because it's sort
of the There's all kinds of supply
sitting up here
at 49,851.
So, we've got a pivot that continues to
move down. They're above the pivot,
they're above the 50, the 200 is flat,
momentum is drifting down. This is very
sideways, but notice how different it
looks to the ES and the NQ.
If we stare this down, we can see that
what the traders
have done over the last several days is
just bring us right back into heavy
congestion. So, my thought is that
49,851
is the likely target. Now,
a lot of people are thinking, "Hey, this
is our bearish moment. This is the
moment we get to win."
I don't know if it is. The market's not
been very easy, and so when the market
isn't easy,
what we expect
doesn't come along. And so, what we want
to do is stare down how they're behaving
according to price. And what we can see
is they're breaking these lows
of the overnight. So, that That doesn't
look great, but they're also sweeping
them, meaning they break the lows and
come back in. So, this is an
orchestrated move to
move out all the weak hands here, which
very oftenly leads to higher levels.
That being said, if we lose the pivot,
we clearly have got more downside
pressure. That number, 49,575.
It's also the anchored VWAP. Traders are
buying in front of it.
And in this space, dips are buys into a
very heavy supply zone
up there at 49,851.
If they break it,
we try to test 50,000 again. And I think
it maybe wash, rinse, repeat. Nothing's
going to be very simple.
Um
That is not what I'm looking for. I did
not even know that was a thing.
All right, Bitcoin. So, here's another
reason that we might see price action
hold and then move
to the north. Bitcoin has stopped
fading. Now, it could be just for short
and then they're going to collapse
again.
As you guys know, I think Bitcoin's
going to zero. It makes a great trading
vehicle,
but
I think they're going to get shredded.
That's just me. I don't I could be
totally wrong. I mean, I am a boomer.
So, that being said, I do trade it. And
so, let's take
Let's take a look at it. Very high
volume candle on May the 15th.
Well, that's weird.
So, So, let's clone it and see if it
makes
a difference
in the rotation. What do you know,
folks?
Magic.
So, the
So, the low value area low also
coincides with the measured move down,
76,000.
If we hold this framework of 76,000 and
then break back to the north, we have
the sideways event
into the high value area. We flip back
to positive gamma, and that is 78,000.
If we have 78,000, we can go to 78,700
and then 79,400.
And, you know,
then we're back
in the race.
Upward pressure. If not,
we continue with the measured move
as long as there's not a new candle to
take over dominance. Okay? And that is
a move down into 74,600.
Let's look to the left and see how long
it's been since we've been down into
that zone. It's been It's been a bit.
Right? Last time we were down there
Woah, that's a big candle. Very far from
where we were.
But
this candle here might be of interest.
That's 73,120.
The close of that candle is 73,890.
And then
75,000.
All right.
So, that's what we're staring down.
Hard to say what's going on with Bitcoin
being sideways, but the the traders are
um
Hm, take on it. The traders are trying
to work through
what's going on with
with price very clearly. All right, so
we had a contract roll in futures.
And so, here we are at the
two
This shows typical volume by time of day
is Let's Let's adjust this.
We're going to look back um
20.
Oh, it won't let us go back 20. Can we
look back 10?
No.
Eight?
Seriously?
Yeah. Okay.
So, we can see there's a lot of volume
building right here
because it's the new contract and our
2:00 candle, which is the close of oil.
dominant candle of the day
We're still in the box. So,
they broke the box
and headed south.
Let's use
this.
And we got to about the 50% edge, hit
supply, excuse me, hit demand, and now
we're up again. Trend up, momentum
bullish in general.
So,
choppy action to the north. We buy the
dip.
Okay? We We buy the dip and
it looks
pretty good. D had an amazing trade off
the long here.
Just
absolutely gorgeous trade. Um
It was very nice. Absolutely fantastic.
Okay. So, that being said, what do we
have here?
Value area high 103.90
104.
Um they're jamming up against it.
If oil continues to rise, the markets
are going to sit under pressure.
So,
could we be wrong about, you know, what
happens next? Yeah. I mean, me. Could I
be wrong about what happens next? Me
thinking the market's going to recover.
The chart has got to lose $102
for any downside flow. And right now,
that's your buy zone, 102, 102.10.
Upward edges 105.
Some supply up there, but not much. And
then,
um we've got 108 and then 109.
Below us, 102,
100.50.
Boy, we've heard that number a bunch.
And then, $98
or $99.
$98.95, $99, something like that.
Okay.
Good show. Let's
get to gold.
Gold also doing a bit of sideways
motion. Let's go to the 4-hour and check
this thing out.
Woah.
Um
We're at the floor from several days
past.
We've got a high-volume candle here on
the 4-hour that takes us here.
And the zero DTE put wall is actually
sitting at 4532.50.
The big put wall is
4450.
And
really, this is a third day that we've
been dancing between 4500 and
4575.
And we have got a massive rock fight in
the futures right now. Just back and
forth.
Just chopping people to bits. Okay. So,
let's get to our 30-minute and see what
we've got. Very sideways. What do we do
in sideways ranges? We wait for the low
and we buy the bounce.
We wait for the high and we sell
uh the spike. Now, could it be a
continuation? Of course. But, our goal
is to get our risk as small as possible.
Not to 100% know the direction of the
trade. We're just anticipating. And if
we do anticipate recent past as
prologue, then we wait around for that
level. Okay? So, that's that's what
we're staring down. 4512
would be a nice region. Although, 4530
4530 looks pretty good, right? Upper
edges 4600.
I would suspect that this chart
continues down. Now, does that mean I'm
bearish on gold? No, it doesn't.
I just believe that gold has got itself
a little bit of a leak factor
into this 4300 area. That is that's my
overall thought. Let's take a look at
spy.
Now,
I am I am short spy.
But, I'm short through
options.
And so, what I have is a slow bleed
that's in my favor.
Now, what are we looking at on this
4-hour chart?
We clear upward trend. So, they're going
to try and buy this.
Right? I used to love looking at the
4-hour chart.
It tells you so much very interesting
information both pre-market and in the
space. But, what we can see is
legitimately for the last
24 hours, we've been sitting in a
pocket, and that pocket has a floor
of 733 and a ceiling of 742.
So, it's about 10 points
$10 of
$10 of motion. We
could easily stay in that range.
Or we could break down further. The
question is
how much juice
do the buyers have?
How much How much strength do they have
in the tank?
I don't know. Trend seems to be very
downward. So, when trend is down, even
when we are sideways, the bounces give
us the highest
uh reward space unless we've been
building a floor here.
And then, the floor takes over. So,
those of us looking for black and white,
you're never going to find it in trade.
It does not exist. It's Everything is a
shade of gray. If you're uncomfortable
with that, that's probably why you
struggle trying to find the perfect
indicator.
It's not there. Okay? So, you watch
price and you watch how the traders
react to price. That's That's what's
going to give you, ideally, the best
setups. So, what are we doing?
Candlestick bodies are giving around the
735. It's a huge number. The bounce
could easily come into the pivot, which
is 737.
It could easily go through the zero DTE
put wall, which sits at 735,
down into 730, where the monthly put
wall is sitting.
Because we have
uh Vix expiring post
um
options X expiry for a month, we have a
little bit of support that the Vix will
give us until that expiration event, but
the underpinning of the broad market is
gone
and new options are piling on, and that
might mean we have a little bit more of
downward drift. All right? If I were
betting man, I would say that the
bounces are sells,
but there will be some bounces. Okay?
So, and again, look at this. This 3:00
p.m. candlestick, more important than
the 3:30 candlestick. It's
very bizarre.
I can't remember the last time I saw
this.
So, we're battling, and we're battling
at the 50% range of that candle. And so,
my thought is losing that is really
going to
tell the tale.
Maybe not one we want to hear if we're
bulls. All right, folks, that's it. Big
long story board.
I'll see you on the streams.